https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-24669--new procedure for hcp (In review with developer) (#8375)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_new.adoc

Learn about new features for _Back up and restore_ and _VolSync_ components.

> * You can back up and restore hosted clusters that are managed by {acm-short}. When restoring hosted clusters managed by {acm-short}, follow steps to ensure a successful recovery of both the {acm-short} hub and the hosted clusters. For more information, see link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_hcp.adoc#config-hcp-backup[Backup and restore for hosted control planes and hosted clusters] and link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore_hosting.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring hosted clusters].

Author: announcement

Reviewer: You can back up and restore the management capability of hosted clusters that are managed by {acm-short}.

> * You can back up and restore the management capability of hosted clusters that are managed by {acm-short}. Follow steps to ensure a successful recovery of both the {acm-short} hub cluster and the management capability of hosted clusters. For more information, see link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_hcp.adoc#config-hcp-backup[Backup and restore for hosted control planes and hosted clusters] and link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore_hosting.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring hosted clusters].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can back up and restore the management capability of hosted clusters that are managed by {acm-short}. Follow steps to ensure a successful recovery of both the {acm-short} hub cluster and the management capability of hosted clusters. For more information, see link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_hcp.adoc#config-hcp-backup[Backup and restore for hosted control planes and hosted clusters] and link:../business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore_hcp_mngmt.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring {hcp} management configuration].
```
